twister/samples: more filter cleanup for samples and a twister filter improvement (#77823)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/test/twister.rst

    A board or platform can announce what features it supports, this option

>     will enable the test only those platforms that provide this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    will enable the test only for those platforms that provide all these features.
```
